#summary addTween (method)

= Availability =

AS2 and AS3.


= Usage =

{{{
Tweener.addTween(obj1:Object [, obj2:Object, ..., objN:Object] , tweeningOptions:Object);
}}}


= Parameters =

*obj1* ... *objN*: Any object(s) that will have its properties tweened. These objects are usually MovieClips, TextFields, Sound instances, or any other custom object with a numeric property that needs to be tweened.

*tweeningOptions*: An object containing various properties that you need to tween on the original objects, with their final values assigned (some [Special Properties] are also allowed), as well as some built-in Tweener properties used when defining [Tweening Parameters]. This is like the recipe for the tweening, declaring both what will be tweened, and how.


= Returns =

Nothing.


= Description =

Static method; the core of Tweener, it’s used when creating new tweenings. It has a pretty loose syntax, with few hard-coded parameters, allowing for a plethora of different transition options to be declared.

There are many different options available, so check the documentation for each different feature below.


= Examples =

{{{
// Slide a movieclip to a new position in 0.5 seconds (AS2)
Tweener.addTween(<movieclip>, {_x:10, time:0.5});

// Slide a movieclip to a new position in 0.5 seconds (AS3)
Tweener.addTween(<movieclip>, {x:10, time:0.5});

// Do a transition on both _x and on _alpha
Tweener.addTween(<movieclip>, {_x:10, _alpha:100, time:0.5});

// Do a tweening using other transition type
Tweener.addTween(<textfield>, {_y:200, time:0.7, transition:"linear"});

// Using delays to create animation sequences
Tweener.addTween(<movieclip>, {_x:20, time:0.5});
Tweener.addTween(<movieclip>, {_x:0, time:0.5, delay: 0.5});

// Using tweener 'templates'
var fadeIn:Object = {_alpha:100, time:1};
Tweener.addTween(<movieclip>, fadeIn);

// Doing a tween on various objects
Tweener.addTween(<movieclip>, <textfield>, {_alpha:100, time:1});

// Assigning callbacks
disappear = function() {
    this._visible = false;
};
Tweener.addTween(<movieclip>, {_alpha:0, time:1, onComplete:disappear});

// More complex events
fGo = function() { trace ("I'll go!"); };
fGoing = function() { trace ("I'm going!"); };
fGone = function() { trace ("I'm gone!"); };
Tweener.addTween(<movieclip>, {_alpha:0, time:1, onStart:fGo, onUpdate:fGoing, onComplete:fGone});

// Assigning a value immediately (with no time or delay)
Tweener.addTween(<movieclip>, {_alpha:100});

// Using special properties (that are not related to a variable/property)
Tweener.addTween(<sound>, {_sound_volume:100, time:1});
Tweener.addTween(<movieclip>, {_frame:10, time:2.5});
}}}


= See also =

[Tweening Parameters], [Special Properties]
