#summary List of whoever was cool enough to help the Tweener project

= Credits =

Tweener was built and is maintained by a core group, with the help of several different people. Here's a listing of them.

== Core team ==

 * *[http://labs.zeh.com.br Zeh Fernando]* created the original Tweener version and still maintains the core code tightly secured under his mattress.

 * *[http://natejc.com/blog/ Nate Chatellier]* ported the original AS2 code to AS3 beginning at version 1.14.17 or so. Versions today are updated in sync, and Nate contributes with bug reports, fixes, and suggestions.

 * *[http://www.stimuli.com.br/ Arthur Debert]* contributed with many ideas, bug reports and fixes, as well as AS3 guidance on porting issues.


== Other versions ==

 * *[http://www.ralcr.com/ Baluta Cristian]* has ported and maintains a [http://www.ralcr.com/caurina/ haXe version] of Tweener.

 * *[http://d.hatena.ne.jp/secondlife/20070923/1190482393 Yuichi Tateno]* (aka secondlife) has ported and maintains a [http://coderepos.org/share/wiki/JSTweener JavaScript version] of Tweener.

 * *Benjamin Harling* created the [http://wiki.python-ogre.org/index.php/CodeSnippits_pyTweener Python version] of Tweener.


== Translation contributors ==

 * *[http://www.cezinha.com.br Celina Uemura]* has translated the documentation to [http://flashmasters.net/forum/index.php?topic=45519.0 Brazilian Portuguese].

 * *Ayu Tada* maintains the [http://www.tonpoo.com/tweener/ Japanese version of the documentation].


== Example file contributors ==

 * *[http://www.igorcosta.org Igor Costa]* contributed with Flex examples.


== Indirect code contributors ==

Tweener uses parts of code written by other people (read more about it on the [http://code.google.com/p/tweener/wiki/License License page]). People listed here do not necessarily endorse Tweener; it just means we used code created by them.

 * *[http://www.robertpenner.com/ Robert Penner]* is the one who created the original easing equations. Without him Tweener probably wouldn't exist. He also created the optimized pointOnCurve algorithm used on the bezier point calculations.

 * *[http://www.quasimondo.com/ Mario Klingemann]* (also known as Quasimondo) wrote [http://www.quasimondo.com/archives/000565.php a great class] to manipulate the object color matrix in !ActionScript. Parts of his class are used on Tweener to create the special color transitions.


== Suggestions and other thanks ==

These people do not necessarily endorse Tweener either, but they have contributed to the project in one way or the other so here's some acknowledgment. Thanks!

 * *Paulo Afonso* suggested ideas that led to the creation of the [addCaller] method.

 * *[http://www.nectere.ca/ Francis Turmel]* provided some great suggestions and a lot of inspiration driven from during long emails discussions, as well as several code fixes and suggestions.

 * Also thanks on bug and issue reporting, suggestions for *gvanvreckem*, *[http://www.seriphdesign.com/mathew/ Mathew Ray]*, *[http://www.bitchwhocodes.com/ Stacey Mulcahy]*, *carotids*, *ben.clinkinbeard*, *simen.brekken*, *buginajar*, *DerDanilo*, *[http://www.sekati.com/ Jason M Horwitz / sekati]*, *rolekgrzegorz* and *bodyvisual*.

 * Other thanks also go out to *Gabriel Laet*, *Raul Carrasco*, *[http://www.cezinha.com.br/ Cezinha]*, *Eugene Zatepyakin*, *[http://visualrinse.com/ Chad Udell]*, *[http://aquioux.blog48.fc2.com/ Aquioux]*, *[http://www.mikechambers.com/ Mike Chambers]*, *[http://weblogs.macromedia.com/jd/ John Dowdell]*, *[http://www.mrdoob.com/ Ricardo "Mr. Doob" Cabello]*, *[http://www.rockonflash.com/ John \m/ Grden]*, *[http://philippe.elsass.free.fr/ Philippe Elsass]*, *[http://www.meychi.com/ Mika Palmu]*, *[http://drawk.wordpress.com/ Ryan Christensen]*, *[http://www.websector.de/blog/ Jens Krause]*, *[http://overloadstudios.blogspot.com/ Ernesto Quezada]*, *[http://www.carlosulloa.com/ Carlos Ulloa]*, *[http://rozengain.com/ Dennis Ippel]*, *[http://labs.blitzagency.com/?author=11 Steven D]*, *Shaun Smith*, *[http://theflashblog.com Lee Brimelow]*, *[http://labs.hellokeita.com/ Keita]*, *[http://www.webdevils.com/ Mitchell Hudson]*, *[http://makc.coverthesky.com/ Makc]*, and *[http://www.fladdict.net/ Takayuki Fukatsu]*.