#summary How to support the Tweener project

= Donate, Schmonate =

Tweener is a free, open-source software. As such, it doesn't require any purchase or licensing to be used on commercial projects or otherwise.

Most open source projects, however, do allow a channel for donation so people can contribute to a project and keep it alive.

Alas, Tweener is not one of such projects, as it doesn't currently allow donations to be made in any shape or form (other than personally-delivered alcoholic beverage).

However, if you enjoy this project and are really interest in helping it, there are a number of other open-source projects that we would like you to consider donating to. These are open-source projects that are used by the people who build Tweener, so *a contribution to these projects is just like a direct contribution to the Tweener project*.

 * Tweener uses [http://www.robertpenner.com/easing/ Robert Penner's easing equations] for tweening (as does every other actionscript tweening class or extension you can find). Robert Penner doesn't take donations, but you can contribute to Robert Penner by [http://www.robertpenner.com/profmx/ Purchasing his book]. Don't be fooled by the title: even though it's directed at Flash MX, the math concepts behind it still make it worth and it's mandatory for people interested in math control in Flash.
 * The [http://www.mozilla.org/foundation/ Mozilla Foundation] makes wonderful tools for everyday use. Heck, I'm editing this on a Mozilla browser, I download and upload files through a Mozilla FTP client, and I read my emails on a Mozilla email client, I probably own them my life already. Donate to the project [http://www.mozilla.org/foundation/donate.html here] and save my soul.
 * [http://tortoisesvn.tigris.org/ Tortoise SVN] is the SVN client and server of choice for many Subversion users, including our team. You can donate to their project [http://tortoisesvn.tigris.org/donate.html here].
 * [http://www.openoffice.org/ OpenOffice] may not be directly related to Tweener, actionscript, or even coding tools, but this suit contains invaluable tools that are used everyday by some of our team. Tweener-wise, I use the Tweener Calc to keep a spreadsheet with Tweener benchmark results and graphics when optimizing the code. I also own them my life, as I have been a heavy OpenOffice user for a few years. Donate to them [http://contributing.openoffice.org/donate.html here].
 * [http://www.flashdevelop.org/ FlashDevelop] is the AS2/AS3 editor of choice for many people coding actionscript on a PC, including some of our team. You can donate to them [http://www.flashdevelop.org/community/viewtopic.php?t=42 here].
 * [http://www.7-zip.org/ 7-Zip] is the file archiver used when creating the .zip files that are featured as downloads on Tweener's page. It's also a great file archiver. Donate to the project [http://www.7-zip.org/register.html here].

And thank you.