#summary The story, as told by many generations

= The story, as told by many generations =

A long, long time ago, in ancient China, there was an old man who was over a hundred years old. He lived in a hut, near a mountain, in a very desolated place. He lived alone and he hadn't seen any person for many decades; he believed that this connection to nature and the detachment from the civilized world would bring him the ultimate understanding about life, and answers to all secrets in the universe.

One day, after he was done collecting fruits for his morning breakfast from the forest, he tripped on a rock from the ground. Losing balance, he went face-first into the ground, dropping the fruits from his basket in all directions.

Putting himself together, the old man painstakingly rose from the floor and cleaned the dirt from his clothes. When he was about to go after the fruits he had dropped, he noticed there was a dragon standing in front of him, floating in mid-air, looking at the old man. The dragon was snow-white, and had a diamond on the top of his head, just above his eyes, which were like fire; the dragon itself was as big as the highest of the trees, but still, it had a gentle appearance.

"Behold, old man", said the dragon, "for I have just shown you the secret of the universe; is this not what you are looking for?"

The old man looked surprised. "Forgive me, white dragon", said the man, apologetically, "for I have tripped on the path and I have probably missed it. Could you show it to me again?"

"Tomorrow", said the dragon, and then vanished in the air, as if he had never been there.

The next day arrived, and the man once again walked the path to get a fresh amount of fruits for his breakfast, as if nothing had happened on the day before.

Once again, after collecting his fruits, he tripped on a rock from the ground. And once again, he saw his fruits rolling from his basket and getting scattered in all directions.

Sure enough, when the man rose from the floor, and cleaned his clothes, there stood the white dragon, floating in mid-air, in front of him.

"Behold, old man", said the dragon, "for once again, I have shown you the secret of the universe; is this now what you are looking for?"

Puzzled, the old man went pale "Forgive me, white dragon, for once again I tripped on my way and probably missed it. Could you show it to me again?"

"Very well", said the dragon, "I will show you one last time". And with this, his mouth opened, and he let out a giant scream; the scream shook the very ground the old man stood on; the trees 

(I'll finish the story later)