#summary Stuff that needs to be done. Pretty chaotic.

This list things that need to be done on Tweener.

Most stuff like bugs and decisions should be listed on the "issues" tab instead of here. This is just a basic list before it gets moved to a more serious issue. Some of this stuff has even been done already.

==Bugs/changes/checks?==


===Other small random bugs===
 * fix/check onOverwrite... it indeed should have the property name as a parameter?
 * TweenListObj.clone() must duplicate auxiliary functions
 * stuff that has probably been fixed by 1.18.27, has to be tested
   * tScope disappearing after an onComplete.apply?
   * looks like skipUpdates isn't working very well when using special properties - for example, blurX/blurY updater for Miller MGD. Gotta test. -> might also have been fixed on 1.24.45?
   * sometimes onComplete gets called twice???! attempts to delete it cause strange behavior. --> apparently the duplication happens when there are several tweenings on the same object
   * calling a Tweener.addTween on a function that's called by a Tweener.addTween onComplete parameter is not working? for example, Miller MGD's showMaoR


==ASDoc fixes==
 * http://livedocs.adobe.com/flex/201/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/common/html/wwhelp.htm?context=LiveDocs_Book_Parts&file=asdoc_127_1.html
 * http://livedocs.adobe.com/flex/201/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/common/html/wwhelp.htm?context=LiveDocs_Book_Parts&file=asdoc_127_6.html#186140
 * Move "import" lines before the class declaration text
 * Multi-lines paragraph must use <p>..</p> from the second paragraph on
 * Use "@param param2 Describe param2 here." -> no type! ending period!
 * Can't have tabs between "@param" and its name.
 * Enter between description, param, return, see
 * Use "@return Describe return value here." -> no type! ending period!
 * Use "@see someOtherMethod" / @see http://www.cnn.com / @see package-detail.html / @see Array#pop() / @see #updateProperties()
 * Use "<code></code>" when describing code
 * To hide text, use "<span class="hide"></span>"
 * Or use "@internal" for internal text
 * To use examples, "@example". As in: "@example The following code sets the volume level for your sound:  <listing version="3.0" > var mySound:Sound = new Sound(); mySound.setVolume(VOL_HIGH);  </listing>"
 * Use "@private" to exclude certain tags
 

==Features===

===Debug level===

Add a debugLevel/setDebugLevel/etc for debugging purposes... As in
 # LOG ERRORS: trace try..catch data2
 # LOG WARNINGS: trace non-fatal warnings, such as the transition time normalization
 # LOG INFORMATION: trace stuff like all updates/adds/completion


===Other small random features===

 * parameter for looping: "yoyo" (similar to Tween.yoyo()), "circular"; [http://lists.caurinauebi.com/pipermail/tweener-caurinauebi.com/2007-May/000048.html @see discussion list thread]
 * setDefault() method to set the default value for some properties - time, transition, delay, rounded, ...
 * "minimumFPS" or "enforceFPS", to use the enforced FPS some AS3 engines (like Flex's Tween one) uses? -> can have framerate per stage, as in "stage.frameRate = 30;".
 * speed optimizations when adding and updating tweenings - test with heavy.fla. must also benchmark additions on existing tweenings, and removal time
 * allow arrays as the transition parameter so it can use multi-equation transitions
 * onUpdate must be fired even if there's no property being tweened -> done? must test
 * !TweeningTemplate must allow ".extends" so it can extend another !TweeningTemplate
 * debug_setModifierKey() so timeScale can easily be changed when debugging (ie, SHIFT activates fast-forward)?
 * properly support .useFrames!
 * when restarting the movie twice in a roll with ctrl+enter from the flash IDE, problems arise because flash doesn't reset class variables. existing tweenings carry? check a better way of using `_`engineExists...
 * make a proper addCaller (beautify the existing one) - suggested by Paulo Afonso
 * addCaller doesn't work with several movieclips. calledTimes should be independent from scope... or call them all at the same time?
 * Some method for sequences; addTweenSeq? [http://lists.caurinauebi.com/pipermail/tweener-caurinauebi.com/2007-May/000051.html @see discussion list thread]
 * .start and .complete events for special properties/modifiers, to allow more complex properties; [http://lists.caurinauebi.com/pipermail/tweener-caurinauebi.com/2007-May/000057.html @see discussion list hread]
 * add endTween, skipTween (scrub?).. as suggested by Ephraim Tabackman
 * add onPause()
 * add onResume()
 * add onRemove()


===Decisions, decisions===

 * add .scopes back, but making it some kind of special multi-tween in which variables are tied together?
 * TODO: make on`*`() events also respond to instances... use addListener?


==Documentation==

 * Properly mention in custom functions: http://timotheegroleau.com/Flash/experiments/easing_function_generator.htm


==Special properties==

===To do===

 * textfield
   * color
   * scroll
   * leading
   * letterspacing
   * fontsize

 * filters... and other 'special' properties that need 'touch' like scrollrect, colortransform, etc
 * add a new "special properties" class for separate color transformation properties - ie, `_`brightness, `_`hue, stuff like that


==A lot of random stuff with no proper wiki format==

http://livedocs.macromedia.com/labs/as3preview/langref/statements.html#try..catch..finally

http://www.kirupa.com/forum/showthread.php?p=1957523#post1957523
